Fix backward compatibility (#1602)
AgnostiqHQ/covalent: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

### Changed

> - Implementation of `result_object` property method to be backwards compatible with version 0.209.1.

Reviewer: `TransportableObject`

> - Implementation of `result_object` property method to be backwards compatible with version 0.209.1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implementation of `TransportableObject` property method to be backwards compatible with version 0.209.1.
```
